Add clarafication comment to what is backed up (#1169)
hashicorp/terraform-website: content/source/docs/enterprise/admin/backup-restore.html.md

## About Backups

> Terraform Enterprise's backup utility backs up all of the data stored in a Terraform Enterprise installation, including both the blob storage (Terraform workspace state) and the PostgreSQL database. It does not back up the the installation configuration.

Reviewer: Okay, how about this: 

```suggestion
Terraform Enterprise's backup utility backs up all of the data stored in a Terraform Enterprise installation, including both the blob storage and the PostgreSQL database. It does not back up the the installation configuration.

See [Data Security](../system-overview/data-security.html) for details about the contents of Terraform Enterprise's blob storage and database.
```
